docs: update reference design page (#452)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/reference-hw/cameras.md

Link to company website:  
[https://www.alliedvision.com/en/products/camera-series/mako-g](https://www.alliedvision.com/en/products/camera-series/mako-g)

> ## **Tier IV Cameras**

Reviewer: TIER IV is all capital case
```suggestion
## **TIER IV Cameras**
```

![images/camera-tieriv.png](images/camera-tieriv.png)

> TierIV cameras which has ROS 2 driver and tested by one or more community members are listed below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIER IV cameras which has ROS 2 driver and tested by one or more community members are listed below:
```
